Fenne said that while he likes you and
other people he's like it's more
professional now because you guys are on
different teams oh really so he voted me
off the Iowa it is the end of the third
week of na LCS with coverage presented
by Omni /children right now by Vincent
weighing himself some you know him as
bio frost others his bio daddy
brandy at interview about CLG oddly
uptick on the upswing this is like the
hockey stick thing right you guys a
little bit of this but now this right
yeah for sure
we were zero in three and now we're
three and three yeah so it's coming back
what does that mean for next week
well week I just want to continue the
momentum going to next week we got
somebody to TSN where we start off
really weak and there was like this
team's gonna be last place and people
were also telling me that in soloqueue
as well when I was playing they're like
yep have fun to play Celsius bio but
we've been on the upswing said that
things have been good yeah even Nick was
telling me that he's like this team 0-3
if they're 0-4 I'm just firing all of
them and replacing them that's what he
said thanks Nick
vote of confidence I'm just good Nick
didn't say that so okay next week you
have an opportunity here you can go five
and three
or you can go four and four and keep
people guessing or you get obviously go
three and five but the four and four
thing is interesting where among those
three options would you like to be why
is this even a question of course I want
to be five and three there's a narrative
here that you guys can build for
yourselves few people not knowing you
know oh yeah I suppose if we sound big
again we're playing against TSM an optic
next week so that's pretty important for
us in general playing against TSM seeing
how where we are right now because
they've also been on the up stream they
look pretty good yeah what do you how do
you feel about the TSM matchup and and
how they've been doing cuz it like you
said they've been kind of struggling but
they're on upswing so are you guys I
think at least it's pretty similar where
they've been trying to build up their
systems and see how everything falls
into place and usually those type of
things take at least like couple weeks
for that to happen and before the season
they didn't really get that much
time to practice and now we kind of get
to see like what TSM actual skill level
is I'm pretty sure they're not even
close to how good they can be and
there's definitely a lot of talent that
roster similar to ours which makes them
really scary because they have a very
high ceiling and they can play really
well yeah do you think I've been kind of
talking a couple different people about
this and since we're talking about TSM
it makes sense to bring it up do you
think that what we will see at the end
of the split is kind of this return to
the classic teams because everybody
started and you guys we're not doing
well TSM was not doing well tl looked
okay but for you know we were also
seeing echo Fox hundred thieves there's
a lot of interesting ideas around maybe
some of these newer teams are now gonna
be top is there a chance that or do you
think we will see sort of that classic
TSM CLG c9 Team Liquid top four in
spring finals for the most I think it
will be that case because Team Liquid
they've been looking really strong right
off the bat TSM cloud9 and of course CLG
for us for the other orgs they've like
even last split where we saw Dignitas
kind of like rise and everyone's like oh
maybe this time Dignitas is gonna win it
all and then in playoffs they kind of
fell short which I think a lot of other
or experienced in the scene already and
their players at least the teams are
like for the most part I think c9
they've been doing really well every
split TSM finals every split and I mean
just statistics in general just lead to
seeing the same Oryx in the top four
yeah
do you would you like to see that it
would that be cool would you like to see
newer faces
I think see newer faces is cool unless
it means that I'm the one getting kicked
out as long as seal Gees there bring
everybody else whoever else the only
problem is if other people get in
because you've got friends on TSM you
got spin on c9 you've got Peter on Team
Liquid and then there's you so who of
those people are you voting off the
island for spring finals doing it
who's gonna get the chopping block I
don't know it's hard this is like one of
those questions where you ask people and
it's like you love all of them equally
and I mean spend said that while he
likes you and other people he's like
it's more professional now because you
guys are on different teams oh really so
he voted me off the island well I think
he just said you know like he he doesn't
feel like he needs to like maintain the
level of friendship that he had with you
I don't want to paraphrase it's in the
interview with him but he was basically
saying like yeah but now we're on teams
I I'm less likely to talk to other
people that are on other teams because
it's more kind of professional
relationship with them now yeah I think
that's definitely the case because you
don't really have a lot of time to get
to interact with other teammates of
course I would like to but with the
schedules it's just really hard yeah now
hearing that from Dennis I vote him off
the Ellen I'm not making it to playoffs
if if we see it that's her top four I
guess if it goes that way all right
what has shield you've been doing behind
the scenes to kind of get yourselves
back in a good place
well I think from the start our screens
were going really well so when we start
off the bat like 0-3 we're a little bit
confused as to why that was happening
because in general we were beating every
team and we felt really confident in our
early game and it was only just our mid
and lake in which we were kind of
working on and it kind of got better as
the week's went on so we always knew
that we were a good team but we just in
turn like really perform on stage and
now it's kind of finally like clicking
in and I think it's just that sometimes
happens and I just I just hope that with
the upcoming weeks would play the same
way as we do in scrims
yeah trying to think if there's anything
else before I get to the traditional
zany part of the interview no I think
we're good
oh actually finally the meta talked to
me about the meta because some of the
other players are griping about it and
others are just sort of like yeah it's
bad but I'm just gonna playing it well
there's like a lot of supports being
played at least for like my role and you
see engaged support sometimes you see
range support you know GG as they play
karma everyone's just trying to figure
out what's like the best thing
and a lot of people are gonna copy what
Korea's playing they haven't played on
the new pass yet so I'm sure that for
next week we're gonna see even more pics
come up and for us we've been practicing
a lot of fringe pics as well but we
haven't been able to show a talent stage
hopefully you guys will be able to see
that finally just before this interview
you just met actually I don't know if
you know this but so you met your twitch
artist did you know that she also does
my twitch emotes I didn't realise that
nefeli does both of ours and I was
looking here twitch emotes recently in
fact I was having this conversation with
zix right beforehand and zyxin I agreed
that one of your best twitch emotes is
by orgasm and so I was very curious
because instead of having that you know
like you have some that are actually
you're facing the others that are more
drawn is there as I noticed that that
one is drawn is there any way we could
see what that looks like on your face in
real life if you're telling me to do
that right now you know okay
well less than I tried I tried but will
you think about it maybe not on camera
maybe I'm private Travis okay alright
we'll talk about that later
is there anything you want to say to
idiot of the fans for those of you that
support us even when we're doing 3 thank
you a lot because every time we go on
social media and we see those kind words
it just helps us keep going and keep
trying really hard what about when you
go on social media you see the unkind
words what does that do keep hitting
Bros ok alright thank you so much for
the interview
Oh bye I'll get to talk to you
congratulations on your first undefeated
week so far in 2018 we'll see what you
got in store next week as you have go up
go up against TSN and optic well it's
been a long day you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
why haven't you subscribed yet you
should definitely see that Omni slash
and I are bringing you these interviews
you haven't done it it's just so
disappointing
please please subscribe